hey guys what is up it is sarah for
another episode of that creative life
and today I'm talking about playing To
Your Strengths life is doing stuff and
you either spend more time on it or move
on to something else and you keep on
doing that cycle and then something
really cool happens you find your thing
so growing up I did a lot of different
things in middle school basketball
wasn't my thing
I thought I was the best basketball
player on this earth I devoted all my
time to it I went to all the camps I
played in school I played in the select
leagues and then I got to high school
and I stopped growing and I realized
that hmm I don't think I'm the best
basketball player anymore and then I
went to high school and music and guitar
was my thing I played in my church band
a lot I played in my own band and you
know hit the club scenes on the weekend
and played and did that and then in
college I tried the whole programming
thing the world was telling me you need
to learn how to code because that is so
important so I went with that and a few
years down the road I just realized it
was not for me as I was pursuing all
these different things I was learning so
much awesome stuff I was applying what I
was learning and then I kind of just
moved on to the next thing so life you
learn apply move on learning apply and
in two years ago something really cool
happened where I just think I found my
thing I love video I love social media I
love sharing online I just love creating
stuff and it just felt right it felt
like you know none of the other things
that I had recently pursue just they
felt right in the moment but on a much
larger scale they didn't feel like how I
feel about video and content creation I
think a lot of times our tendency is to
go with what's easy or to go with what
society says we should do in my case
with college you know I was a math
science geek in high school and you know
Society says don't waste those brains
you know do something useful do like
something like computer science and so I
went with that and you know I pursued it
and I did learn a lot of great stuff it
really taught me how to think in a
different way and I do value the time I
spent in that but I did kind of
an aha moment of okay I'm not going to
be a genius programmer next bill gates
person I'm gonna start really devoting
my my hours and my efforts into you know
something that I really love and I know
I'm good at and I know I can really
progress and sometimes you just go with
the flow you go through what's easy but
you know something's tugging at your
heart and you're being pulled in a
different direction it's not a fun way
to live when you kind of ignore those
instincts to you know go in a different
direction but you just kind of stay
where you are so what are you investing
your time into I truly believe if you
have the talent and then you also have
the determination and hustle you can
literally do anything last week I talked
about how awesome the Internet is and
how it is just really connecting people
in a new and awesome
way and in this day and age literally if
you have an idea you put your mind to it
you have the talent to back it up you
can do anything but you have to
absolutely love it does it keep you up
at night are you going to take the extra
mile to you know make that progress a
you need to make yes I'm saying dream
big but you also have to have a good
balance between practicality and
dreaming big say you want to be the next
pop star but you're not taking the hints
from your family and friends that may be
singing isn't your thing that's okay you
just move on to the next thing so you
definitely have to balance I think
practicality and dreaming big but
self-awareness is the key to really
anything and don't freak out if you
haven't found your thing yet it
definitely takes some time just keep
living life making things happen and
playing To Your Strengths and it will
happen always be striving to be a better
human being but be careful with how much
time you really pour into your so-called
weaknesses you know believe in your
talent believe in yourself just put in
the work and go kill it guys I believe
in you so I'm curious if any of you guys
had plans to be a professional athlete
like I did in middle school
I'm very sad the basketball did not work
out but I'm glad I am where I am today
so let me know if you'll like this video
and creative spaces TV is right around
the core
our new episodes start March 1st and
next week I am putting out a very fun
video that I think you guys will enjoy
so make sure to hit that like and
subscribe button and I will see you next
week